REVIEWS:
1.FROM :Kahleah M. How many stars: 5 stars
REVIEW: Let me start off by saying if I could give more than 5 stars I would! My dog Ace is so loving but also had problems with listening when spoken to, didn't ever stop playing with another dog unless brought home/put inside, and jumping on kids. I met Charles through a neighbor that would come by with his bully and play with Ace they were best friends! I just so happened to walk by his house when he had his consolation and I set up one with Charles that day. The best decision of my life!! After back and forth with Charles for probably a month or more haha I finally was able to let Ace go for his 30 day board and train. I was hesitant at first because when I saw him for the first time in a few days he's seemed scared but it's just them getting adjusted to the new environment and being away from their family for the first time ever. He assured that he wasn't and just being on his toes to make sure he followed direction when given. Seeing the change in Ace was crazy to me seeing him around other dogs and not lunging towards them to play and just chilling and not worrying about them, I was so proud!! I will say this though you have to put in the work too! You can't except them to be gone for the 30days and think they'll automatically listen and trust you. If I could re do anything it would be to start training with Ace asap because you have to build the bond that Charles is building everyday while working with them. I started at the 2 week mark and I would say by the last 3 days of the 2 weeks is when I started to get comfortable and he trusted me more (Ace). It's not easy by any means but it's so worth putting the work in and getting the end result. Charles is amazing! He would still work with my husband and I after a long day of work to teach us what to do when it came to Ace's training. He's very prompt when trying to get in contact also literally within minutes I would get a reply if I was wanting to know how Ace is and pictures of him. We were in the process of moving to the mainland and Charles even helped us with making sure he was picked up and sent off the airport. After this experience we definitely feel like Charles is family and he's still here to help with making sure we're doing everything right when it comes to Ace. So what are you waiting for? It's literally worth every penny!!!

2. FROM:Drake M. How many stars: 5 stars
REVIEW: Pitbulls/American Bully's already have a reputation, so it was important to my family and I to have a well trained Bully.

I came across K9 Vision after seeing videos on instagram and Facebook and messaged them to get a consultation. I enrolled my dog Honey in the private lessons to try to correct her dog/people/anything that goes bump in the night reactivity. After 16 sessions of training, I have a completely different dog! Their program first teaches the basic commands and then eventually finishes off out in the community with tons of distractions. Charles is very knowledgeable about dogs and basically speaks their language. Although training does not come cheap you get much more than you pay for. Mahalo for everything you have done for my family and I! Good luck in your future endeavors.

3. FROM: Jo Ann G. How many stars: 5 stars
REVIEW: I am fortunate to have cross paths with Charles before knowing he trains dogs!

I had just brought home our first puppy, Hoku, and he has been such a lively, playful, and fun-loving puppy! He started this phase with barking and jumping and chewing on our wood furniture. We thought that perhaps, Hoku was anxious while we were gone for work most of the day. So, we brought home Hoku's younger half-brother, Nash, to keep each other company. Yeah, I don't know what I was thinking!!

Well, now we have another puppy with a totally different personality. He went through vicious phases after baths and after long days away at work...I found out that Hoku and Nash's doggy daddy, the stud (whose litters I purchased my pups from), is a bit on the wild side and doesn't do very well around other dogs, so I recommended they (Arlene and her spouse) try to setup an appointment with Charles.

I'm going on an intended tangent here in response to another Yelper's review before I proceed to share an actual experience of the services Charles has done for me and my family.

I have never met the Yelper or her stud and it seems as though Arlene (the yelper who has reviewed anything but Charles' services) is yelping without understanding the entire situation. As Charles had shared with me that, he did say hello to her husband who was working out in their garage as he was passing by (in their neighborhood where they all reside), nothing negative between them just a neighborly greeting. Seems like Arlene wasn't anywhere to see that Charles was walking his dog in the neighborhood yet accused Charles of being arrogant with intentions of going to their home to cause any kind of problems. And what's with the whole "I don't know how it is in the mainland, but don't bring your arrogance here to Hawaii"...well...sounds pretty personal to me. Charles knows the kind of services he offers in the mainland and on the island. And how he treats all his clients, is with the utmost respect from what I see during our group sessions on Saturdays with the other dogs and dog owners who trust Charles' hard work and talent.

I know Charles, he is pretty straightforward...he has to be as a business owner. He will call it as he sees it and he knows that sugar coating will not help a situation that truly needs help. Perhaps what was said and how it was said was taken out of context or misunderstood for arrogance...I can see that happening. However, I know that Charles is not what Arlene had described, neither would he intend to bully, harass, or hurt anyone. I am a part of his training program and have seen him work hard to keep dog families happy and dogs well trained, and well-mannered.

Back to my review of Charles' services...

It seemed as though Nash (the youngest pup) would be the normal, laid back little pup that switched his personality at some kind of a trigger. We were so new to each other, that it was challenging to understand what was triggering this cute little pup's temper. The phase or episode seems as though he would fall into a trance, like he didn't recognize us and became this mean, vicious, and unbearable little pup that would come at us at attack mode! Charles asked how I knew Raider (Arlen's stud) and I told him that Raider is Nash and Hoku's doggy daddy. Charles then shared that Nash's episodes reminded him of how Raider reacted when Charles went out to evaluate Raider.

Charles reached out and was confident in correcting these behaviors. He identified each of the behaviors and explained his plan for successful results and I've learned that the end results are dependent on how consistent WE are as the HANDLER during these training sessions.

Progress comes with time and time with consistency, comes with successful results.

We are definitely a work in progress and I can say that we have come a long way and have seen desirable results as I continue to work with Charles!

Hoku has tapered down the unnecessary barking and jumping on us. Nash hasn't had his vicious episodes in a long while. Progress is definitely obvious, consistency is key, and we are pleased with the help and guidance Charles and his colleague Noe, has offered us!

At group sessions, I've watched aggressive dogs tamed down with patience, properly adjusted with the right guidance, and become obedient.

Thanks to Charles and his colleague Noe, we couldn't be happier with how our progress is coming along!

Find him on Instagram, watch his videos, setup an evaluation with him and see for yourself, how amazing he is with the most challenging and hard to train dogs to the little mischievous puppies learning how to make a life with their new families.

I think he is worth the time and effort to get to know for yourself and be the judge of what he can do for you and your fur family!

4. FROM : Ashley B.
REVIEW: We just completed the training for our pit bull and it exceeded our expectations. Now we can include her in family outings at the beach and outdoor dining facilities. Charles understood what we needed and tailored the program to achieve our goals.

5. FROM : Artis T. How many stars: 5 stars
REVIEW: Charles was great with not only working with my dogs but also working with me on how to be patient when training them. He showed me why it was important pay attention to my mannerisms around them and how to effectively communicate with them. He taught me several different training techniques and the why behind what he was having me do. I highly recommend K9 Vision to anyone looking to train a new pet or just teach an old dog a new trick.

6. FROM : Trinity V. How many stars: 5 stars
REVIEW: While shopping at Home Depot, my daughter and I noticed a dog training session in progress. We were curious and decided to watch. I was impressed by all 4 dogs however there sat a large black beautiful Rottweiler that stood out to me. She was focused on her master, waiting for his specific commands for her. Instantly I knew she was well trained and didn't feel I was in harms way! This was the answer to my prayers. I'm currently "raising" my son's 7 month pit bull Apollo while he's away from home. I know he'll continue to grow, get much stronger and it's imperative that Apollo is well behaved and disciplined. As a family we decided to use K9 Vision services. Charles listened to my concerns and adapted our training specifically to Apollo's needs, while continuing to be professional. Apollo is learning all the basic commands with tough love and tons of praise. He's improving by leaps and bounds with each lesson. Most importantly, Charles and the K9 Vision Ohana has built trust not only with myself and my daughter but with Apollo and that makes all the difference in the world. This tells me that they are passionate about helping dogs live their best lives. I have recommended K9 Vision training services to friends and family and I will continue to support by sharing my experience and joining the Saturday morning group sessions. BEST decision I've made for our entire family!

With Aloha,
The Vegas Familia
